warn users in apps README about the need for accurate system clock (#111)
stratum-mining/sv2-apps: pool-apps/pool/README.md

# 2024-02-13T14:59:24Z Template Provider authority key: EguTM8URcZDQVeEBsM4B5vg9weqEUnufA8pm85fG4bZd
```

> Make sure the machine running your application has its clock synced with an NTP server. Certificate validation is time-sensitive, and even a small drift of a few seconds can trigger an `InvalidCertificate` error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure the machine running the Pool has its clock synced with an NTP server. Certificate validation is time-sensitive, and even a small drift of a few seconds can trigger an `InvalidCertificate` error.
```
